## What is Solium Infernum?

Solium Infernum is a political grand strategy game set in Hell. It was published
in 2024 by League of Geeks and is the spiritual successor to 2009 game of the
same name. A small excerpt from the Steam description may be found below:

### Indulge your Dark Side

Satan's mysteriously vanished and Hell is in an uproar. Play as one of eight
all-powerful and menacing Archfiends and indulge your dark side. Command
legions, enlist champions, cast sinister rituals, and trick, rob and insult your
rivals to be crowned Hell's new Dark Majesty.

### Real Devilish Politics

Solium Infernum's devilish political machinations are legendary, requiring
nerves of steel and a heart of darkness. Get into the minds of your rivals,
second-guessing their every move both on the map and on the floor of Hell's
parliament as you sling insults and demands in the only truly political strategy
game.

### Torturous Multiplayer

Play intense six-player multiplayer games with your soon to be ex-friends in a
single session of deceit and politics, or put your friendships to the test in
quick daily bursts with Solium Infernum's infamous asynchronous multiplayer for
a truly harrowing scheme-in-your-sleep experience.

## What is Codex Infernum?

Codex Infernum is a fan-project to help present an accurate description of the 
game's core mechanics and features to help players' understanding on how they
work, and thus present them with a more enjoyable experience as a result. Each
section contains a set of chapters that fit under that section. This is designed
to be an additional aide alongside the game's existing encyclopaediea and other
fan-made wikis such as [this one](https://tinyurl.com/SIbLoGWiki).

The different sections are as thus:

### Core Mechanics

Explanations and examples of the key gameplay mechanics

### Assets

Explanations and examples of the different units (Legions), items 
(Artifacts/Relics), characters (Archfiends) and environments (Cantons) the game 
contains.

### Asset List

In the future we may consider adding a detailed list of Assets such as Legions,
Rituals, Relics etc however at this time this information is readily available
elsewhere.
